



Documentation - schema.org



















Schema.org









Docs


Schemas


Validate


About



 








Note: you are viewing the development
    version of Schema.org.
    See How we work for more details.
  



Documentation
Here is some of the documentation available on this site:
Site Info

FAQ: Frequently asked questions
Getting Started: A simple introduction to microdata and using schema.org for marking up your site.
... and how we work.
Releases: Full history of recent releases.

Schema Info

Schemas: The actual schemas, arranged in a hierarchy, with a page for each item in the schema.
The full type hierarchy: The full type hierarchy, in a single file.
Data model: a brief note on the data model used, etc.
Style Guide: naming conventions and related patterns for schema authoring.
Developers: developer-oriented information about schema.org
Vocabulary definition download: download definition files for core vocabulary and extensions.
Extension Mechanism: The extension mechanism that can be used to extend the schemas.
Schema.org COVID-19 response: US CDC Data Table fields
Overview of dataset-related vocabulary.
External Enumerations (blog post): How to use external controlled lists to add detail.

Extensions

Health and medical types: notes on the health and medical types under MedicalEntity.
Hotels: Background information and examples on the types and properties for marking up hotels and other accommodations using e.g. Hotel and HotelRoom.
Autos: background information on marking up automobiles.
Banks and Financial Institutions: Background information and examples on the types and properties for marking up banks and their products e.g. MortgageLoan and ExchangeRateSpecification.

Additional Resources

Schema.org Blog

Since April 2015, the W3C Schema.org Community Group is the main forum for schema collaboration, and provides the
      public-schemaorg@w3.org mailing list for discussions. Schema.org issues are tracked
      on GitHub.
Earlier discussions can be found in W3C's public-vocabs group. There was also a google group used during 2011.

Community discussions: the W3C Web Schemas group hosted a collection of proposals for additions and improvements to schema.org.
  Since 2014 detailed discussions have been managed through github, and coordinated via
  the W3C Schema.org Community Group.
  
A custom search across all these discussions and sites is also available.
General feedback form: Please give us feedback, report bugs, etc.
    For technical feedback, GitHub is preferred.
  





          V23.0
          2023-10-17
      
Terms and conditions





